fix(build): npm run start:local to use local.env file (#29)
mia-platform/crud-service: README.md

In case you want to use the MongoDB Encryption functionality, you must install in your machine the [MongoDB Enterprise Server](https://www.mongodb.com/try/download/enterprise?tck=docs_server) and run the `mongocryptd` file (its location may change based on the version you downloaded).

> To run the **CRUD Service**, a `*.env` file including the needed configuration is required. An example of this file is the [default.env](default.env) file. You want to copy the file in a different path to make sure your configuration is ignored by Git (we suggest the name `local.env`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the **CRUD Service**, a `*.env` file including the needed configuration is required. An example of this file is the [default.env](default.env) file. In case you would like to copy the file to a different path please ensure your configuration is ignored by Git (we suggest the name `local.env`):
```
